33 updates to using git from rstudio (#49)
UCL-ARC/r-amr-epidemiology: episodes/09-rs-github-conflict.md

overlap with those made to the remote repository, and therefore refuses to merge the two versions to
stop us from trampling on our previous work. The conflict is marked in
in the affected file:

![](fig/rs-gh-file-merge-conflict.png){alt='A screenshot of dialogue box explaining merge conflicts need to be resolved'}

Our change is preceded by `<<<<<<< HEAD`.
Git has then inserted `=======` as a separator between the conflicting changes
and marked the end of the content downloaded from GitHub with `>>>>>>>`.
(The string of letters and digits after that marker
identifies the commit we've just downloaded.)

It is now up to us to edit this file to remove these markers
and reconcile the changes.
We can do anything we want: keep the change made in the local repository, keep
the change made in the remote repository, write something new to replace both,
or get rid of the change entirely.

Let's edit our file so that the file looks like this:

![](fig/rs-gh-file-merge-conflict-updates.png){alt='A screenshot showing modified index.qmd to resolve merge conflicts'}

We would assume that we can now commit our change:

> ![](fig/rs-gh-merge-commit-error.png){alt='A screenshot of dialogue box explaining that the merge hasn't been resolved and unable to commit'}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](fig/rs-gh-merge-commit-error.png){alt="A screenshot of dialogue box explaining that the merge hasn't been resolved and unable to commit"}
```
